# project1-image-processing-api

This project is for the Udacity Full Stack Development Course.

An api that both acts as a placeholder for placing images into the frontend and as an image scaling library.

## My thoughts on udacity's teaching

First of all learning from such a popular platform has been a valueble experience. I just want you to know i have learned a lot but i did so entirely by myself. The criteria for learning this course is a basic knowledge of javscript as quoted from your website and as emphasized in the test questions taken during application for this course. You are teaching us like we are already backend developers and we just need this program as revision. How can you give a project and expect people to know how to automatically connect both the frontend and backend when there's no starter code, and no part in the tutorial were it was taught. You claim you want us to learn to collaborate with one another, but collaboration shouldn't be as difficult as a 12x12 rubic's cube. I can assure you that 93 percent of people in this course only have the foundation but lack the ability to apply that foundation. A reasonable institution would have taught students via a real world project before giving them an opportunity to do another project on their own because then they would have a working idea on her to get it done, and actually know on what they are collaborating. Some people in this program just have a basic knowledge of javascript, which was enough to be selected for this program. Why then make it look like they are being punished for wanting to gain knowledge. I acquired my frontend knowledge from another institution, and it was perfect. So I'm not coming from a place of hate but of concern. People learn at different rates and not everyone are geniuses like you. Just teach like actual people that care and not like our university lecturers. Thanks